Add PR Template (#86)
ACCESS-Hub/ACCESS-Hub: .github/pull_request_template.md

# ACCESS Community Hub 

Thank you for submitting a pull request to the ACCESS Hub Community project. 

## Description

Please include a brief summary of the change and list the issues that are fixed.
Please also include relevant motivation and context.

You can link issues by using a supported keyword in the pull request's description or in a commit message:

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue, e.g. dead links)
- [ ] New link / content

## Checklist:

- [ ] I have followed the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] The new content is accessible and located in the appropriate section.
- [ ] My changes do not break navigation and do not generate no new warnings

> - [ ] I have checked that the links are valids and point to the intented content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have checked that the links are valid and point to the intended content.
```

- [ ] I have checked my code/text and corrected any misspellings

Please tag one or more reviewer in a comment below.

> @ (reviewer)

Reviewer: We have a Reviewer team, should we tag this team instead of leaving the choice of individuals?

Author: Yes that's a good question. I am not sure I understand the Child teams inheritance. If you look at the Reviewers team there is no one there...

Reviewer: If you go there: https://github.com/orgs/ACCESS-Hub/teams/reviewers/members?query=membership%3Achild-team 

Click on the "5 child team members", you get what's on the link above with the list of everyone on that team.

Author: OK I have added a link.

Reviewer: So we can't just tag the team? Or is it we aren't sure how it works so it's best to leave it with tagging individual for now?

Author: Actually yes, @ACCESS-Hub/reviewers
